Yafan
I have named you Martial Emperor
All nine women submit to you
Why do you still push me like this?
Jiuding destroys the dream of life
Big Zhou is out of breath
If you don't want more people to suffer
You must abdicate. No
You can't do that.
Otherwise don't push too hard
Too pushy
It's the big disaster caused by your nine clans
It is also what the Son of Heaven should bear
If you abdicate
The curse will not be quelled
More people will die
I don't care, it's just ordinary people
Dead is dead
This is what you should say as the Son of Heaven
You are the Son of Heaven
Uninformed people
Instead, make them the grass world
I don't deserve to be the son of heaven
As long as you don't kill me
Let me do anything
The Son of Heaven can't kneel
The Son of Heaven, please forgive the Son of Heaven
Let's kneel all we want.
We kowtow to you.
The Son of Heaven kneels
Will receive the gold of the emperor
Explain that the new king will see the guests when the ceremony is over
He must kneel
I Kneel
Yo, what a show!